1.CLIENT:
  Sidra Medical Store by Dr. Hashmat Ali

2. DELIVERABLES:
   MANAGEMENT DELIVERABLES:
   REQUIREMENT ANALYSIS:
   A document to that defines all the formal requirements of the project, both functional and non-functional.
   This deliverable ensure that the group is working on a system that will be according to the requirement of the client.
   This deliverable also allows to client to modify or update the items of the system that the developer side failed to understand or missed out before delivering the final project.
  
   DESIGN DOCUMENT: 
   A document to shows the internal design of the system being developed. 
   Through this document the group will be able to visually show the client of what the project will be like working wise.
   For this deliverable we will be designing using any modeling tool such as UML, data-flow diagram, use-case diagram or ERD diagram, 
   to help show the client the working of the project more efficiently, based on the requirement analysis.
   
   SOURCE CODE:
   A document, presentation along with the source code of the completed project. 
   This deliverable will declare the end of the project. The group will deliver the final implementation based on the requirements specified and the design developed 
   in previous stages. The system would have been tested thoroughly with unit tests and a final acceptance test and would be ready to be delivered to the client.
   
   TECHNICAL DELIVERABLES:
   A database with the required tables to support the inventory system. A database will store all the information related to the medicines and will retrieve information
   when commanded, will also update the information when required and will also delete unnecessary information.
   
   An interactive admin interface to add, modify, delete and search from the inventory.
   A webpage designed to allow the admin (out client) of the system to add information to the database.
   
   A billing statement that will show the sub total of the amount payable and the item that one is purchasing.
   
   
3.  PROBABLE TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS:
    Technical requirements for this project are probably just a working computer, a stable internet connection, a database platform and a coding platform. 

4.Outline Plan (Principal activities and Milestones)
   I. Milestone 1 (August 17 , 2020) – Requirements Analysis (draft). An initial draft
      of the requirements analysis should be done as Milestone 1. This should come
      after a formal requirements gathering meeting with the Client.
   II. Milestone 2 (August 20, 2020) – Requirements Analysis (final). The final
       draft of the requirements analysis should be done for Milestone 2. In addition,
       a presentation will be prepared as a part of this milestone.
   III. Milestone 3 (August 24, 2020) – Software Architecture and Design (draft). An
        initial draft of the software architecture and design should be done as Milestone
        3. A meeting with the Client should follow Milestone 3 to get feedback on the
         design of the system.
    IV. Milestone 4 (August 29, 2020) – Software Architecture and Design (final). A
        final draft of the software architecture and design document should be done for 
        Milestone 4. A presentation should be prepared for the Client.
     V. Milestone 5 (September 4, 2020) – Database. The database is the most important
        part of the system, as it is the center of all information. All subsequent system
        components depends on this deliverable. A database schema needs to be fixed
        for Milestone 5 to provide a basis for the other components to be based on.
     VI. Milestone 6 (September 7, 2020) – Inventory Control. As the menu of
        cartographic information needs to be published using information in the
        database, the next bottleneck is the inventory control, which is a graphical
        interface to allow the administrator to enter, modify, and delete data.
     VII. Milestone 7 (September 10, 2020) – Map and Menu. The map and the menu are the
         front-end graphical web interface that the public user sees and interacts with.
          Milestone 7 is to reach feature-completion on the requirements.
      VIII. Milestone 8 (September 13, 2020) – Testing, Debugging and Integration. The system
            needs to be well-tested, debugged at this milestone. Also, once the system has
            passed the acceptance test, it needs to be integrated to the actual production
            system for this milestone.
        IX. Milestone 9 (September 17, 2020) – Project Deadline. The project source code
              should be handed over to the Client for the final milestone. A presentation is
               presented to the Client. 

